Misc. doc things (#14509)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

All callbacks registered with [Global callback registration functions] are added
to corresponding `minetest.registered_*` tables.

> For backwards compatibility reasons, the names of these tables differ.
> Most names end in `-s`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For historical reasons, the use of an -s suffix in these names is inconsistent.
```

(and then merge the two lists)

Author: ok
